# source: https://www.isolvedhcm.com/legal/agreements/terms-and-conditions
# fetched: 2026-09-28T02:33:08+00:00

 
© 2026 isolved. All Rights Reserved. 
Terms and Conditions 
 
These Terms and Conditions (“Terms and Conditions”) are incorporated into the Order Form(s) (the “Order 
Form”) and are an integral part of the Agreement between Employer and isolved. The Version of the Terms 
and Conditions applicable to the Agreement is identified on the Order Form. 
1. Definitions: Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein are defined in Exhibit A.  
2. Services; Access Rights. 
2 . 1 . Services. On a non-exclusive basis, isolved shall provide the Services to Employer for the applicable 
Subscription Term, subject to the Terms and Conditions herein and in the Documentation . 
2 . 2 . Access Rights. 
a. To the extent isolved determines necessary for provision of the Services, isolved grants to 
Employer a non-transferable, non-exclusive and revocable subscription right, without the 
right to grant sublicenses, to access the features and functions of the Sof tware applicable 
to the Services during the Subscription Term for such Services. Access to and use of the 
Software by Employer is limited solely to use of the Services for processing internal data of 
Employer and its Affiliates. Employer will access and use the Software in accordance with the 
Documentation and such other instructions and policies established by isolved, in each case 
as in effect from time to time. 
b. Employer shall not, and shall not permit any other person to, access or use the Services 
except as expressly permitted in the Documentation and, in the case of Third -Party 
Materials, the applicable third-party license or service agreement. For purposes of clarity and 
without limiting the generality of the fore-going, Employer shall not, and will cause the Users 
to, without the prior consent of isolved or except as this Agreement expressly permits: (i) 
resell, sublicense, lease, time-share or otherwise make the Service available to any third 
party (other than Employer Affiliates as expressly permitted in the Documentation);  (ii) send 
or store infringing or unlawful material; (iii) send or store Malicious Code; (iv) attempt to gain 
unauthorized access to, or disrupt the integrity or performance of, the Service or the data 
contained therein; (v) permit access to the Service by a Direct Competitor of isolved, or 
access the Service for the purpose of building a competitive product, service or user 
interface; (vi) use the Service, or permit it to be used, for purposes of product evaluation, 
benchmarking or other comparative analysis intended for publication; (vii) decompile, 
disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to obtain or perceive the source code 
from which any software component of the Service is compiled or interpreted, and Employer 
acknowledges that nothing in the Agreement will be construed to grant Employer any right to 
obtain or use such source code; or (viii) copy or modify any component or feature of the 
Software or the Documentation, or create any derivative work from any of the foregoing.  
c. The Parties acknowledge and agree that the Agreement contemplates access and user 
rights with respect to the Service and no software is being provided and no licenses with 
regard to any software are being granted under the Agreement. Employer acknowledges that 
there are no licenses granted by implication under the Agreement. isolved reserves all rights 
that are not expressly granted. 
d. Employer acknowledges that, as between the Parties hereto, isolved owns all intellectual 
property rights and proprietary interests that are embodied in, or practiced by, the Service 
and the Documentation. 
2 . 3 . Service Changes. isolved reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to make any changes to the 
Services that it deems necessary or useful : (a) to maintain or enhance: (i) the quality or delivery of 
isolved services to its customers; (ii) the competitive strength of or market for isolved services; or 
(iii) the Services’ cost efficiency or performance; (b) in the event of product unavailability, end -of-
life, or changes to software requirements; or (c) to comply with applicable Law. Any reduction in 
quantity of employees, use of services or any other changes to the Services by Employer shall not 
© 2026 isolved. All Rights Reserved.  
reduce the Fees unless agreed to in writing by isolved, at the sole discretion of isolved. No 
requested changes will be effective unless and until memorialized in a written change order signed 
by both Parties. 
3. Subscription Term & Termination. 
3 . 1 . Term of Agreement. The Agreement shall become effective on the “Effective Date” and shall 
continue until the expiration of the Initial Term set forth in the Order Form (or if no Initial Term is 
listed, the third anniversary of the Effective Date) (the “Initial Term”); PROVIDED THAT THE 
AGREEMENT SHALL AUTOMATICALLY RENEW ANNUALLY FOR SEPARATE BUT SUCCESSIVE ONE (1) 
YEAR TERMS (each a “Renewal Term,” and together with the Initial Term, the “Subscription Term”), 
UNLESS AND UNTIL TERMINATED AS FOLLOWS:  
a. at the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term by either Party upon written notice to the 
other Party received not less than sixty (60) days prior to the expiration thereof;  
b. by either Party for material breach after providing thirty (30) days prior written notice to the 
other Party of a material breach of the Agreement by the other Party, which shall state with 
specificity the alleged material breach and allow for the thirty (30) days to cure, and only if 
such breach remains uncured at the expiration of such period;  
c. by isolved if (i) Employer fails to timely pay any Fees or other amounts due to isolved under the 
Agreement and such failure continues for five (5) business days after isolved notifies 
Employer in writing of its intent to terminate as a result thereof, or (ii) Employer’s right to 
receive any Services subscribed to by Employer are suspended (each a “Suspension of 
Service”) due to Employer’s failure to meet the eligibility requirements for such Services set 
forth in the Documentation, including the Eligibility Requirements in Exhibit B hereto and such 
Suspension of Service (A) continues for a period of more than thirty (30) consecutive days or 
(B) if Suspension of Service is cured within such period, a Suspension of Service occurs more 
than once in any twelve (12) month period. 
3 . 2 . Suspension of Service. isolved may suspend, terminate, or otherwise deny Employer’s, any User’s, 
or any other person’s access to or use of all or any part of the Services or related materials, without 
incurring any resulting obligation or liability, if: (a) isolved receives a judicial or other governmental 
demand or order, subpoena, or law enforcement request that expressly or by reasonable 
implication requires isolved to do so; or (b) isolved believes, in its good faith and reasonable 
discretion, that: (i) Employer or any User has failed to comply with any material term of the 
Agreement, or accessed or used the Services beyond the scope of the rights granted, for a purpose 
not authorized under the Documentation or in any manner that does not comply with any  
instruction or requirement of any Service specifications (in which case, isolved shall provide 
reasonable advanced notice to Employer of the suspension, termination or denial of access); (ii) 
Employer or any User is, has been, or is likely to be involved in any fraudulent, misleading, or unlawful 
activities relating to or in connection with any of the Services; or (iii) this Agreement expires or is 
terminated. This Section 3.2 does not limit any isolved rights or remedies, whether at law, in equity, 
under the Documentation. 
3 . 3 . Early Termination with Fee. In addition to the rights set forth in Section 3.1 and provided Employer is 
then in good standing and otherwise not in default of this Agreement or any other agreements with 
isolved, Employer may terminate the Agreement at any time after the first year of the Initial Term, 
upon thirty (30) days written notice and payment of the remaining contract balance as identified on 
the applicable order form (“Early Termination Fee”). For the avoidance of doubt the Early 
Termination Fee shall not be payable if Employer terminates the Agreement by delivery of a notice 
of nonrenewal pursuant to Section 3.1(a) or in connection with an uncured, material breach of this 
Agreement by isolved pursuant to Section 3.1(b) hereof. The Early Termination F ee shall be invoiced 
to Employer in one (1) lump sum and shall become due and payable via ACH from Employer’s 
account, wire transfer, or check, no earlier than the third business day after the date of invoice. The 
Parties acknowledge and agree that the Fees being agreed to under this Agreement are based on 
the number of anticipated employees of Employer processed using the Services for the duration of 
the Subscription Term and that isolved would suffer damages caused by Employer’s termination of 
the Agreement or discontinuance of use of the Services prior to the end of the Subscription Term, 
which otherwise would be difficult to accurately estimate. As a result, the Early Termination Fee 
shall also be payable upon written notice from isolved, if Employer discontinues use of the Service 
for its (or its Affiliates that receive Services) employees during the Subscription Term and such 
discontinued use continues for a period of thirty (30) consecutive days after receipt of such written 
© 2026 isolved. All Rights Reserved.  
notice. The Parties further agree that the Early Termination Fee is a reasonable estimate of the 
anticipated or actual harm that might arise from Employer’s early termination of this Agreement or 
use of the Service. The Parties further acknowledge and agree that the Early Termination Fee 
constitutes compensation, and not a penalty. 
3 . 4 . Survival. In the event of termination of the Agreement for any reason, this Section 3.4 (Survival), 
Section 5 (Representations, Warranties, and Disclaimers), Section 6.1 (Marks), Section 7 (Fees & 
Additional Products), Section 8 (Indemnification), Section 9 (Confidentiality and Data Privacy), 
Section 10 (Limitation of Liability), Section 11 (Miscellaneous), and any other terms that pursuant to 
their terms survive the termination of the Agreement, will survive termination of this Agreement.  
4. Additional Service Terms. 
4 . 1 . Accuracy of Employer Information and Review of Data. Employer acknowledges that the Services 
will be provided based upon timely information provided to isolved by Employer and its Users either 
through the Software or otherwise. Employer understands the timely and accurate performance of 
the Services is contingent upon adherence by Employer to the isolved ACH and applicable statutory 
print deadlines as may exist from time to time. The Software makes available to Employer and 
isolved may deliver to Employer or its Affiliates deliverables in the form of reports (including, to the 
extent applicable, payroll reports, employee earnings statements, deduction disbursement records 
and benefits reports) (collectively “Reports”). Employer agrees to promptly review all Reports and 
timely notify isolved of any irregularities, errors or incorrect information. Employer acknowledges 
that certain Reports are used by isolved as the basis for initiating wires (including payroll and tax 
filing) and timely notice to isolved may mean notice within twenty-four (24) hours of User’s 
submission of applicable information to the Software or isolved (depending on the date of 
submission and wiring deadlines) may be necessary. isolved is not responsible or liable for any 
delays or failures of performance or the Services caused in whole or part by Employer’s or its User’s 
delay in performing or failure to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement, including 
Employer’s or its User’s failure to adhere to deadlines. (“Employer Failure” ). 
4 . 2 . Employer’s Use of the Service Regarding Compliance with Laws. As between Employer and isolved, 
Employer (and not isolved) will be responsible for Employer’s compliance with all applicable Law 
related to the operation of Employer’s business, including as it may relate to privacy and security 
laws; or data, information or records (including where relevant to the Services protection of 
biometric data or information) under the direct or indirect control of Employer or its Affiliates, as 
well as wage and related tax laws. Employer will not rely solely on use of the Service to comply with 
the Law. Employer shall not transmit, and it shall not cause any User or Affiliate to transmit to 
isolved any information, including personal information, of any individual who i s a resident of the 
European Union, or that would subject isolved to the laws of a jurisdiction other than the United 
States. 
4 . 3 . Fraudulent Activity. Employer acknowledges and agrees that it (and not isolved) is responsible for 
the security and privacy of its systems and assets, including bank and financial services accounts, 
email accounts, isolved account accessed by any User, Aff iliate or Agent and Employer’s databases. 
For the avoidance of doubt, isolved is not responsible for any unlawful acts or omissions of 
Employer, its Users or Affiliates. isolved will not be liable for any criminal or other unlawful activity 
originating with or derived from Employer’s systems, isolved account access credentials, premises, 
property or databases, including but not limited to: fraud (including but not limited to fraudulent or 
fraudulently induced instructions to isolved or any third party relative to the Services), acts of 
deception, impersonation, identity or other theft, larceny, embezzlement, forgery, money 
laundering, computer or software hacking, viruses or Malware, or phishing.  
4 . 4 . Data Integration. See Data Integration Acknowledgement, attached hereto as an exhibit, if 
applicable. 
4 . 5 . Employer Systems and Cooperation. Employer shall at all times during the Term: (a) set up, 
maintain, and operate in good repair and in accordance with the Documentation all Employer 
systems on or through which the Services are accessed or used; (b) provide  isolved personnel with 
such access to Employer’s premises and Employer systems as is necessary for isolved to perform 
the Services in accordance with the Documentation; and (c) provide all cooperation and assistance 
as isolved may reasonably request to enable isolved to exercise its rights and perform its 
obligations under and in connection with this Agreement. 
4 . 6 . Employer Control and Responsibility. Employer has and will retain sole responsibility for: (a) all 
Employer data not under the exclusive control of isolved, including Confidential Information or other 
© 2026 isolved. All Rights Reserved.  
information protected by law, as well as the content and use of such data; (b) all information, 
instructions, and materials provided by or on behalf of Employer or any User in connection with the 
Services; (c) Employer’s in- formation technology infrastructure, including computers, software, 
databases, electronic systems (including database management systems), and networks, whether 
operated directly by Employer, through an Affiliate or through a third -party (“Employer Systems”); 
(d) the security and use of Employer’s and its Users’ access credentials; and (e) all access to and 
use of the Services in Employer’s instance of the Software, including isolved materials accessed 
directly or indirectly by or through the Employer Systems or its or its Users’ access credentials, with 
or without Employer’s knowledge or consent, including all results obtained from, and all 
conclusions, decisions, and actions based on, such access or use.  
4 . 7 . Employer Access and Security. Employer shall employ all physical, administrative, and technical 
controls, screening, and security procedures and other safeguards necessary to: (a) securely 
administer the distribution and use of all access credentials and protect against any unauthorized 
access to or use of the Services; and (b) control the content and use of Employer Data, including 
the uploading or other provision of Employer data for provision of the Services.  
5. Representations, Warranties, and Disclaimers. 
5 . 1 . Mutual Representations and Warranties. Each Party represents and warrants to the other, that 
such Party has the power and authority to execute and deliver the Agreement and to perform its 
obligations under the Agreement, has duly executed and delivered the  Agreement and that 
assuming due execution by the other Party, the Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding 
obligation of such Party enforceable against it in accordance with its terms.  
5 . 2 . isolved Warranties and Disclaimer. isolved warrants that it shall perform the Services (a)in 
substantial compliance with the Documentation; (b)using personnel of industry standard skill, 
experience and qualifications; and (c)in a timely, workmanlike, and p rofessional manner in 
accordance with generally recognized industry standards for similar services. ISOLVED MAKES NO 
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES RELATIVE TO ANY THIRD PARTY INCLUDING ANY SERVICE 
PROVIDER. EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN TH E AGREEMENT, TO THE 
MAXIMUM EXTENT PER- MITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE SERVICES, THE DOCUMENTATION, AND 
ALL SERVICES PERFORMED BY ISOLVED UNDER THE AGREEMENT ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” AND 
ISOLVED HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL OTHER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES , WHETHER 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR 
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE INCLUDING COMPLIANCE WITH ANY LAW OR GOVERNMENTAL REGULATION 
AND ISOLVED DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINT ERRUPTED 
OR ERROR-FREE. 
5 . 3 . Additional Disclaimers. Employer acknowledges and agrees that:  
a. isolved is not providing legal, financial, investment, benefits, or tax advice to Employer and 
Employer acknowledges it is solely responsible for the timely filing of all payroll and other tax 
returns and the timely payment of all payroll and other taxes f or its employees; certain 
Services may be provided by third parties, other than isolved and its Affiliates, and isolved will 
not be liable for Services provided by any such third parties that Employer directly contracts 
with or otherwise consents to receive for such or such portion of the Services; certain 
Services require certain power of attorney, ACH or other authorizations of Employer in favor of 
isolved and its Affiliates, and the execution and delivery of such will be a condition to any 
isolved obligation to provide such Services. Employer acknowledges it, and not isolved, is 
responsible for receiving direct deposit authorization or any other required consent for 
performance of the Services from its Employees and agrees to obtain such authorization and 
consent from its Employees, and Employer agrees to produce for inspection by isolved any 
such authorizations upon reasonable request by isolved;  
b. Employer represents and warrants that it has and will have all rights, authorizations, and 
consents required by law or otherwise for the provision by it or its Users of all data and 
information, including but not limited to Personal Information, to isolved  and use by isolved of 
such data and information, to perform the Services as contemplated in this Agreement – 
including but not limited to the use of AI Functionalities as further described in Section 5.6 
herein and the Documentation. Employer hereby grants to isolved and its Affiliates during  the 
Term a royalty free, fully-paid, non-exclusive, non-transferable-right (except as set forth in 
Section 11.4), sub-licensable , worldwide right to use, process, transmit, and store such data 
and information, including with the use of AI Functionalities as further described in Section 5.6 
© 2026 isolved. All Rights Reserved.  
herein, for the purpose of providing to Employer and the Users the Services and any other 
activities expressly agreed to by Employer. Employer represents and warrants that it has all 
rights necessary to grant this license for the stated purposes; and  
c. To the extent isolved is providing payroll service hereunder, Employer has engaged isolved to 
act as its agent for the purpose of providing payroll processing services on its behalf and 
Employer will identify, designate, or otherwise hold isolved out to its employees and other 
payees as providing payroll processing services on Employer’s behalf.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, Employer’s obligation to a payee, including an employee or any other party entitled 
to receive funds via the payroll processing services provided by isolved, shall not be 
extinguished if isolved fails to remit the funds to the payee.  
5 . 4 . Insurance. 
a. Employer shall during the Subscription Term maintain errors and omissions, crime, cyber and 
general liability insurance in the aggregate amount of at least one million dollars ($1,000,000). 
Upon the reasonable request of isolved, Employer shall provide a c ertificate of insurance 
evidencing such insurance to isolved. 
b. isolved shall carry, for the Subscription Term, the following insurance coverages (i) employer 
liability insurance of at least one million dollars ($1,000,000), (ii) commercial general liability 
insurance of at least one million dollars ($1,000,000) per oc currence, and at least two million 
dollars ($2,000,000) in the aggregate and (iii) errors and omissions coverage (including 
coverage for cyber liability) of at least five million dollars ($5,000,000) in the aggregate. Upon 
the reasonable request of Employer, isolved shall provide a certificate of insurance evidencing 
such insurance to isolved. 
c. Insurance companies providing coverage under this Agreement must be rated by A.M. Best 
with at least an A rating. 
5 . 5 . OFAC and isolved’s KYC process. Employer acknowledges that isolved must conduct and verify 
Employer’s identity to comply with their Know Your Customer (“KYC”) requirements. Employer 
agrees to disclose any and all information to isolved upon their reasonabl e request for KYC 
purposes. Employer agrees that isolved may terminate this Agreement immediately (without any 
refund or credit for payments made) if Employer fails to disclose, provides inaccurate information, 
or does not satisfy the isolved KYC validation. 
5 . 6 . AI. Certain Services may contain and/or integrate the use of Artificial Intelligence functionalities 
offered by isolved or a third-party software provider (“AI Functionalities”) that utilize artificial 
intelligence, including, but not limited to, generative artificial intelligence and large language 
models, to process  data provided by Employer or its Users as an input for the AI Functionalities 
(“Input”) and generate result such as text, audio, images, code or other content from the use or 
application of the AI Functionalities (collectively, “Output”) or to perform decision -making, 
automation, or other actions based on Inputs or contextual data. By accessing and using any AI 
Functionalities, Employer is responsible for all Inputs and Outputs and accepts the  risk that the 
Outputs may not be unique or suitable for all purposes and may contain errors, inconsistencies, 
hallucinations, or outdated information. AI Functionalities are not a replacement for professional 
advice, including but not limited to areas of medical, legal, financial or other specialized domains. 
Employer also acknowledges and agrees if it connects Employer’s isolved Services to a third party’s 
AI Functionalities (“Connected Services”), Employer hereby authorizes isolved to: (a) allow  the 
Connected Services to access, use, process and transfer Employer Data, which may include 
Personal Information and Sensitive Personal Information, from Employer’s isolved Services instance 
to the Connected Service and expressly consents to such activit y; and (b) retrieve Output from the 
Connected Services and to import such Output into Employer’s isolved Services instance.  In the 
event that Employer Data is transferred outside of Employer's isolved Services instance to the 
Connected Services, then this Agreement shall not apply to Employer Data when it is not stored in, 
processed by, or run on or through the isolved Services.  Employer is solely responsible for the Third 
Party’s use of the isolved Services, if any.   Employer’s use of the Connected Serv ices is pursuant to 
the terms between Employer and the relevant third party.  Although not required, isolved 
recommends Employer’s use of the enterprise version of the Connected Services in conjunction 
with the Services. isolved shall not be liable for any use or reliance by Employer on the Outputs or its 
use of the Connected Services, including any training that may be conducted by the Connected 
Services using Employer Data. Employer should use its own judgement to determine if Output is 
appropriate for the intended use, accepting or rejecting suggestions, is solely responsible for 
© 2026 isolved. All Rights Reserved.  
reviewing and otherwise its own verification thereof prior to any use or reliance, and should not be 
the sole basis for business decisions. Employer shall use AI Functionalities in compliance with 
applicable laws and policies of isolved and the AI Functionalities providers. Employer agrees that 
use of isolved AI products and services, including how inputed and outputed data is used and 
managed by any such, shall be subject to isolved’s AI Transparency and Acceptable Use Policy as 
may be revised from time to time. 
6. Intellectual Property. 
6 . 1 . Marks. Each Party acknowledges and agrees that the Marks of the other Party and its Affiliates 
(including, but not limited to, with respect to isolved, isolved® and all messaging and branding, in 
existence now or in the future, related to the Services) are exclusively owned by such other Party 
and such other Party retains all right, title and interest in and to all proprietary rights in such Marks 
and grants no rights therein other than as expressly granted under the Agreement. Each Party 
grants to the other Party a revocable, non-exclusive, nontransferable, royalty-free license, with no 
right to sublicense, to use such Party’s Marks for the sole purpose of providing the Service, 
marketing and selling access to the Services (including to employees of Employe r and other third 
parties, which rights expressly permit isolved to list Employer’s logos and information on its 
website) provided, that such use is in conformance with such Party’s trademark and branding 
policies in place from time to time (which each Party agrees to make available upon request). All 
goodwill from the use of a Party’s Marks will inure solely to such Party.  
6 . 2 . Feedback. You expressly acknowledge and agree that all Feedback provided to isolved becomes the 
sole and exclusive property of isolved, and as between Employer and isolved shall not be treated as 
Confidential Information. Providing Feedback to isolved does  not and will not grant or give Employer 
any right title or interest in the Feedback or Services, including but not limited to enhancements, 
improvements, bug fixes, updates, modifications, derivative works thereof, regardless of media 
such Feedback is provided in. isolved may use and disclose, perpetually, irrevocably and without 
restriction of any kind, Feedback in any manner and for any purpose whatsoever without further 
notice or compensation to Employer and without retention by Employer of any propriet ary or other 
right or claim. Employer hereby assigns any and all right, title or interest you may have in and to any 
and all Feedback. 
7. Fees & Additional Products. 
7 . 1 . Fees. 
a. Generally. Employer will timely pay any and all Fees, plus any applicable taxes, calculated in 
accordance with the applicable Order Form, Statement of Work, Additional Fees or other terms 
as applicable, or as otherwise agreed upon by the Parties from time to time. isolved may 
increase Fees after the first twelve (12) months of the Initial Term. 
b. Implementation Fees. Employer agrees to pay fifty percent (50%) of the implementation fees 
via ACH or wire within ten (10) business days of signing this Agreement and prior to the start 
of implementation, and implementation shall only begin once those funds have cleared the 
isolved bank account. Any remaining implementation fees shall be due upon the availability of 
Services, or thirty (30) days from the Effective Date, whichever is sooner. isolved reserves the 
right, at its sole discretion, to collect any outstanding implementation fees on the first billing 
cycle. Nothwithstanding anything in this provision, where by no fault of isolved, Employer does 
not complete implementation on any Service (including partial implementation as it relates to 
bundled Services) within the first twelve (12) months of purchase, isolved may charge an 
additional implementation fee to begin or otherwise restart implementation on  the 
outstanding Service (subject to then current availability of Service).  
c. Unless specifically set forth otherwise in the Order Form or Statement of Work, Employer 
authorizes isolved to withdraw via bank draft the amount due on all invoices on or after the 
due date set forth on such invoice. Without limiting the foregoing, isolve d, in its sole 
discretion, may instead choose to invoice Employer on a monthly basis for all Fees accrued 
during the preceding month, and the amounts due under such invoice shall be payable by 
Employer within thirty (30) days after receiving such invoice. Employer acknowledges that 
certain invoices may be delivered by making them available to Employer via the Software. 
Upon written notice to the Employer, isolved may charge Employer interest at the rate of 1.5% 
per month (or the maximum allowed by law if less) on any past due amounts from the due date 
thereof until the payment date. Fees do not include taxes related to the Services which are 
the sole obligation of Employer (other than income taxes applicable to isolved related to 
© 2026 isolved. All Rights Reserved.  
receipt of the Fees). 
d. Credit Card Payments. In its sole discretion, isolved may accept credit card payments for 
some of its provided services. Employer agrees that isolved shall charge an extra 3 -6% for 
payments made by credit card. 
7 . 2 . Additional Fees and Expenses. 
a. Additional Fees. Employer agrees to pay to isolved any additional fees (“Additional Fees”) in 
accordance with the isolved published Additional Fee Schedule in effect as of the date such 
Additional Fee is incurred. Additional Fees may include, but are not l imited to, fees for non-
sufficient funds in an Employer account (NSF), Notification of Change (NOC) charges, wiring 
fees, stop payment/void check fees, check shipping fees, Employer account changes, 
signature or logo change fee, late payroll submission fee, zero quarterly report fees, and 
missing or applied for tax identification numbers. 
7 . 3 . Expenses. Employer shall reimburse isolved (in the month immediately following the month in which 
the applicable Fees and expenses are incurred) for all reasonable fees and expenses incurred by 
isolved pursuant to the isolved Travel and Expense policy, in effect from time to time. Under all 
possible circumstances, isolved will obtain advanced consent from Employer before incurring any 
Expenses. 
7 . 4 . Invoice Review. Employer agrees and acknowledges that it is its responsibility to access and review 
its invoices as provided through the isolved platform. Employer must notify isolved of any disputed 
invoice or discrepancy with charges within thirty (30) calendar days of the invoice date. Employer 
waives its right to dispute an invoice if it does not notify isolved within such time.  
8. Indemnification. 
8 . 1 . Employer Indemnity. Employer will indemnify, defend and hold harmless the isolved and its directors, 
officers, employees, shareholders, members and Affiliates from and against any claim, action, 
proceeding, loss, expense or damage (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) (“Claims”) alleged to 
arise out of or related to any of the following acts or omissions of the Employer: (i) any 
misrepresentations, unauthorized representations or unauthorized warranties made by the 
Employer or its Affiliates or Users regarding the Services; (ii) any failure by the Employer, its Users or 
Affiliates to comply with applicable Law, including but not limited to privacy and security laws; (iii) 
any Claims (as defined below), related to biometric information including but not limi ted Claims 
related to the improper or unlawful collection, use, storage or disposal of biometric or other 
protected information (iv) allegations that the Employer’s data infringes or misappropriates a third 
party’s intellectual property or other rights; (v) any breach of any warranty or obligation of this 
Agreement; (vi) any personal injury or property damage caused by the Employer; (viii) gross 
negligence or more culpable act or omission (including recklessness, willful misconduct or fraud) by 
the Employer, any User, or any third party on behalf of Employer or any User, ( ix) violations of 
Sections 4.2 (Employer Use of the Service Regarding Compliance with Laws) and 4.3 (Fraudulent 
Activity) in connection with this Agreement. Each Party acknowledges and agrees that it shall be 
liable for any act or omission of any of its Affiliates (or Affiliates’ employees, representatives or 
Users) that if taken by such Party would constitute a breach of the Agreement and that such Party 
shall take any and all reasonable actions to cause such Affiliates to comply with the covenants and 
obligations of the Agreement. 
8 . 2 . isolved Indemnity. isolved will defend, indemnify, and hold Employer, its directors, officers, 
employees, shareholders, members, and affiliated companies (the “Employer Indemnitees”) 
harmless from and against any Claims made or brought against Employer Ind emnitees by a third 
party alleging that the use of any isolved Software or the Services as contemplated under the 
Agreement and in the applicable Documentation infringes on the U. S. intellectual property rights of 
a third party (“IP Rights”). isolved may, at its sole option and expense: (a) procure for Employer the 
right to continue using the Service under the terms of the Agreement; or (b) replace or modify the 
Service to be non-infringing without material decrease in functionality. If isolved determines that 
neither (a) or (b) are practical, then isolved may terminate the subscription and access to the 
affected portion of the Software or Services and refund to Employer the unused portion of the 
prepaid fees for the affected portion of the Software or Services as of the effective date of 
termination. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 8.2, isolved assumes no liability for 
infringement claims arising from (w) the combination of any Software or Services with products not 
provided by isolved, (x) any modification to the isolved Software or Services unless such 
modification was made by isolved or at the written direction of isolved, (y) compliance with 
© 2026 isolved. All Rights Reserved.  
Employer’s design requirements or specifications, or (z) use of the Software or Service not in 
accordance with the applicable Documentation. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION 8.2 STATE THE 
ENTIRE LIABILITY AND OBLIGATIONS OF ISOLVED, AND THE EXCLUSIVE REMEDY OF EMPLOYER, WITH 
RESPECT TO ANY ACTUAL OR ALLEGED INFRINGEMENT OF ANY PATENT RIGHT, COPYRIGHT, TRADE 
SECRET, TRADEMARK OR OTHER IP RIGHT. 
8 . 3 . Claims. The indemnified party will: (a) promptly notify the indemnifying party of any Claim for which 
it believes it is entitled to indemnification; (b) grant the indemnifying party sole control of the 
defense of such Claim (provided it agrees to be liable for such indemnity); and (c) provide the 
indemnifying party with assistance reasonably necessary to perform the above. The indemnified 
party may, at its option and expense, be represented by separate counsel in any such action. No 
Party entitled to indemnification hereunder will be subject to the terms of a settlement without 
such Party’s prior written consent. 
9. Confidentiality. 
9 . 1 . Generally. Either Party hereto (a “Disclosing Party”) may, from time to time during the Term, furnish 
or make available to the other Party hereto (the “Recipient”) certain Confidential Information. As a 
condition to being provided access to Confidential Information, the Receiving Party shall: (a)not 
access or use Confidential Information other than as necessary to exercise its rights or perform its 
obligations under and in accordance with this Agreement; (b)except as may be permitted by and 
subject to its compliance with legally compelled disclosure as described in Section 9.2, not disclose 
or permit access to Confidential Information other than to its Representatives who: (i) need to 
know such Confidential Information for purposes of the Receiving Party’s e xercise of its rights or 
performance of its obligations under and in accordance with this Agreement; (ii) have been 
informed of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information and the Receiving Party’s 
obligations under this Section and (iii) are bound by confidentiality and restricted use covenants at 
least as protective of the Confidential Information as the terms set forth herein; (c)safeguard the 
Confidential Information from unauthorized use, access, or disclosure using at least the degree of 
care it uses to protect its similar sensitive information and in no event less than a commercially 
reasonable degree of care; and (d)promptly notify the Disclosing Party of any unauthorized use or 
disclosure of Confidential Information and use its best efforts to cooperate with Disclosing Party to 
prevent further unauthorized use or disclosure; and (e)ensure its Representatives’ compliance 
with, and be responsible and liable for any of its Representatives’ non-compliance with, the terms of 
this Section. Notwithstanding any other provisions of this Agreement, the Receiving Party’s 
obligations under this Section with respect to any Confidential Information that constitutes a trade 
secret under any applicable Law will continue until such time, if ever, as such Confidential 
Information ceases to qualify for trade secret protection under one or more such applicable Laws 
other than as a result of any act or omission of the Receiving Party or any of its Representatives.  
9 . 2 . Legally Compelled Disclosure. A Party (the “Compelled Party”) will not be in breach of the 
Agreement by delivering some or all of the Confidential Information or Personal Information of the 
other Party to a court, law enforcement officials, governmental ag encies or other third parties as 
may be required by law. If the Receiving Party or any of its Representatives is compelled by 
applicable Law to disclose any Confidential Information then, to the extent permitted by applicable 
Law, the Receiving Party shall: (a) promptly, and prior to such disclosure, notify the Disclosing Party 
in writing of such requirement so that the Disclosing Party can seek a protective order or other 
remedy or waive its rights under Section 9.1; and (b) provide reasonable assistance t o the 
Disclosing Party, at the Disclosing Party’s sole cost and expense, in opposing such disclosure or 
seeking a protective order or other limitations on disclosure. If the Disclosing Party waives 
compliance or, after providing the notice and assistance required under this Section 9.2 the 
Receiving Party remains required by Law to disclose any Confidential Information, the Receiving 
Party shall disclose only that portion of the Confidential Information that, on the advice of the 
Receiving Party’s legal counsel, the Receiving Party is legally required to disclose and, on the 
Disclosing Party’s request, shall use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain assurances from the 
applicable court or other presiding authority that such Confidential Information will be afforded 
confidential treatment. 
9 . 3 . Prior Non-Disclosure Agreement. Any existing non-disclosure agreement entered into by the 
Parties is hereby superseded and replaced by the terms in this Section 9, which will govern all 
disclosures and exchanges of Confidential Information made by the Part ies previously under this 
Agreement. 
9 . 4 . Data Privacy. isolved shall protect all Personal Information of Employer and its Users input or 
© 2026 isolved. All Rights Reserved.  
submitted into the Service, except information input or submitted into community locations or 
folders under Employer’s or a User’s control, using the same degree of care it uses to protect its 
own Confidential Information and in compliance with the isolved Data Security Addendum, 
incorporated hereto as Exhibit C. 
9 . 5 . Equitable Relief. Each Party agrees that a breach of its obligations in this Section 9 may cause the 
other harm for which monetary damages would not be adequate compensation and agrees that, in 
the event of such breach, the other Party is entitled to seek equitable relief, including injunctive 
relief, in addition to any other remedy available at law or in equity, subject to any express exclusions 
or limitation in the Agreement. 
9 . 6 . State-Specific Privacy Provisions – See State-Specific Addendum at Exhibit E. 
10. Limitation of Damages and Liability. 
1 0 . 1 . No Consequential or Indirect Damages. EXCEPT FOR OBLIGATIONS TO MAKE PAYMENTS UNDER THIS 
AGREEMENT OR LOSSES RELATED TO CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN SECTION 4.3, IN NO EVENT 
SHALL EITHER PARTY, ITS REPRESENTATIVES OR AFFILIATES BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY O R ANY 
THIRD PARTY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR 
ENHANCED DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, LOST DATA, 
OR DIMINUTION IN VALUE, ARISING OUT OF, RELATING TO, OR IN CONNECTION WITH ANY BRE ACH OF 
THIS AGREEMENT, REGARDLESS OF (A) WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES WERE FORESEEABLE, (B) 
WHETHER OR NOT A PARTY WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND (C) THE 
LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) UPON WHICH THE CLAIM IS 
BASED. ISOLVED SHALL NOT BE LIABLE DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FOR ANY EMPLOYER FAILURE TO 
COMPLY WITH THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. 
1 0 . 2 . Limitation of Liability. EXCEPT FOR OBLIGATIONS TO MAKE PAYMENTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, 
LOSSES RELATED TO CIRCUMSTANCES DESCRIBED IN SECTION 4.3, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER 
PARTY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER 
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR 
OTHERWISE, EXCEED AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO THE TOTALAMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY THE 
EMPLOYER UNDER THE APPLICABLE ORDER FORM IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD IMMEDIATELY 
PRECEDING THE FIRST EVENT GIVING RISE TO LIABILITY. THE EXISTENCE OF MORE THAN ONE CLAIM 
SHALL NOT ENLARGE THIS LIMIT. 
11. Miscellaneous 
1 1 . 1 . Entire Agreement. The Parties agree that the Agreement, together with the Order Form and any 
exhibits, schedules or attachments thereto, made between Employer and isolved whether by 
execution of such documents by both Parties or incorporated by reference, as amended from time 
to time consistent with the terms thereof, constitutes the complete and exclusive understanding 
and statement of the terms and conditions relating to the Services, and constitute one single 
agreement between the Parties. If any conflict exists between these Terms and Conditions and the 
Order Form, the Order Form shall control. This Agreement cannot be altered, amended or modified 
except in writing executed by each Party. The waiver of, or failure to exercise any rights under the 
Agreement will not be deemed a waiver of any right under the Agreement, except to the extent in a 
writing executed by such Party. If any provision of the Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by 
any court or agency of competent jurisdiction, it will be severed, and the remaining terms of the 
Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
1 1 . 2 . Choice of Law. The Agreement and its subject matter will be construed and enforced in accordance 
with the laws of the State of North Carolina without regard for its choice of law provisions. Any 
dispute must be litigated in the state or federal courts located in Mecklenburg County, North 
Carolina to whose exclusive jurisdiction the Parties hereby consent. For purposes of establishing 
jurisdiction in North Carolina under this Agreement, each Party hereby waives, to the fullest extent 
permitted by applicable law, any claim that: (i) it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the 
court; (ii) it is immune from any legal process with respect to it or its property; and (iii) any suit, 
action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum. In the event any proceedings, or legal 
action is brought by either Party against the other arising out of or in connection with the 
Agreement, the prevailing Party will be entitled to recover its costs and reasonable attorney’s fees. 
Each Party waives its right to a trial by jury for all matters or disputes arising from this Agreement.  
1 1 . 3 . Assignment. isolved will have the right to assign its rights under this Agreement to any third party 
provided isolved gives notice to Employer of such assignment within sixty (60) days of such 
© 2026 isolved. All Rights Reserved.  
assignment. isolved may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement or delegate its 
obligations, in whole or in part, to any Affiliate of isolved without notice. Employer may not assign 
any of its rights under this Agreement or delegate any of its obligations to any third party without 
the prior written consent of isolved, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, 
or delayed. For purposes hereof, a change in control of more than fifty percent (50%) of Employer’s 
ownership (or its parent company’s ownership), whether by merger, sale of equity securities or 
otherwise, will constitute an assignment of this Agreement by Employer. isolved has no obligation 
to any third party (including, without limitation, Employer’s employees and/or  any taxing 
authorities) by virtue of this Agreement. Any purported assignment or delegation in violation of this 
Section shall be null and void. No assignment or delegation shall relieve the assigning or delegating 
Party of any of its obligations hereunder unless the non-assigning or non-delegating Party enters a 
novation releasing the assigning or delegating Party of its obligation under the Agreement.  
1 1 . 4 . Relationship of Parties. isolved is an independent contractor and not an employee, partner or agent 
of Employer, and the employees of Employer are not entitled to any of the benefits of employment 
granted by isolved to its own employees. Neither Party will have any authority to enter into any 
contract or other agreement on behalf of the other Party. Nothing in the Agreement creates or will 
be deemed to create third party beneficiaries of or under the Agreement. isolved has no obligation 
to any third party (including, without limitation, Employer’s employees and/or any taxing 
authorities) by virtue of this Agreement or provision of the Services.  
1 1 . 5 . Force Majeure. Any Party hereto will be excused from performance under the Agreement for any 
period of time that the Party is prevented from performing its obligations under the Agreement as a 
result of an act of God, war, pandemic, earthquake, civil disobedience, court order, criminal acts, 
distributed denial of service attacks, utility or communication failures, labor dispute, or other cause 
beyond the Party’s reasonable control. In the event of a change to any Law affecting the Services, 
notwithstanding Section 2.3, isolved may modify the Services (the “Modified Services”) to the 
extent reasonably necessary to address such changes upon reasonable prior notice to Employer 
(which may include adjustment to the Service Fees applicable to the Service); provide d, that 
Employer shall have the right, without it constituting a breach of this Agreement, to terminate the 
Modified Service(s) , by delivery of written notice to isolved within thirty (30) days of the date that 
Employer receives notice of such Modified Services, with such termination to be effective thirty 
(30) days after delivery of such termination notice and, unless it would constitute a vio lation of the 
Law, during such period the Service Fees shall remain unchanged.  
1 1 . 6 . Notices. Each Party shall deliver all notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers, and 
other communications under this Agreement (each, a “Notice”) in writing and addressed to the 
other Party at its address set forth on the Order Form. Each Party shall deliver all Notices by 
personal delivery, nationally recognized over- night courier (with all fees prepaid), email (in each 
case, with confirmation of transmission), or certified or registered mail (in each case, return receipt 
requested, postage prepaid). Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, Notice is effective 
only (a) upon receipt by the receiving Party and (b) if the Party giving the Notice complied with the 
requirements of this Section. For the avoidance of doubt, all notices required  or permitted under 
this Agreement shall be sent to isolved as follows: TO: isolved inc.: 11215 N. Community House Rd. 
Suite 800 Charlotte, NC 28277 Attn: Chief Legal Officer. Email address for Notices: 
legal@isolvedhcm.com 
1 1 . 7 . Administrative Corrections. To the extent that such actions do not materially impact the terms of 
the Agreement or the intentions of the Parties at the time the Agreement or any Documentation 
associated therewith was executed, the Parties agree to cooperate with each other to correct any 
typographical, clerical or scrivener’s error or omissions in the contents of the Documentation. The 
Parties agree that such corrections are intended solely to address minor errors understood by both 
Parties as such, and that any correction of same shall not constitute a reformation or formal 
amendment of the Agreement but will be acknowledged in writing by both Parties. The Parties agree 
that nothing in this Section shall modify Employer’s obligations in any other Section of  this 
Agreement. 
1 1 . 8 . Further Assurance. (a)Each of the Parties hereto shall use commercially reasonable efforts to, and 
shall cause its respective Affiliates to use their commercially reasonable efforts to, from time to 
time at the request of the other Party, without any additional consideration, furnish the other Party 
such further information or assurances, execute and deliver such additional documents, 
instruments and conveyances, and take such other actions, as may be reasonably necessary or 
appropriate in the opinion of counsel to the requesting Party to carry out the provisions of this 
Agreement. (b) On an annual basis and whenever reasonable grounds for insecurity arises with 
© 2026 isolved. All Rights Reserved.  
respect to representations herein made by Employer or related to any of its employees, vendors or 
Affiliates, isolved may in writing demand adequate assurance of compliance with the Law and 
eligibility of Users, proof of any authorizations necessary for the lawful provision by isolved of the 
Services, and until such assurance is received by isolved, it may, if commercially reasonable, 
suspend its performance hereunder, and such suspension shall not be considered a breach by 
isolved of this Agreement. 
Exhibit A 
Definitions 
“Additional Fees” means fees, in addition to those on the Order Form, for which isolved may charge Employer 
based on additional costs to isolved caused by Employer. Additional Fees include Non -Sufficient Fund Fees 
(“NSF”) resulting from Employer’s overdrawn or underfunded bank account, Notification of Change (“NOC”) 
charges imposed for the change (by Employer) of information related to Employer’s account, wiring fees, stop 
payment/void check fees, check shipping fees, Employer account changes, signature or logo change fee, late 
payroll submission fee, zero quarterly report fees, and missing or applied for tax identification numbers. The 
then current isolved Additional Fees schedule is available upon request.  
“Agent” means a person empowered by applicable law to act on behalf of a Party. Agent may also be a Contact 
or administrator of a Client/Employer/Company account. 
“Affiliate” means, when used with respect to a Party, any partnership, corporation, limited liability company or 
other legal entity that either directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, 
or is under common control with, the specified Party. The term “control” (including the terms “controlled by” 
and “under common control with”) means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause 
the direction of the management and policies of a Party, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by 
contract or other-wise. 
“Agreement” means these Terms and Conditions, together with the Order Form and any associated Exhibits 
and Addenda, including but not limited to any Service Summary, Service Terms, Statements of Work, inclusive 
of the exhibits or schedules thereto, made between Employer and isolved whether by execution of such 
document by both Parties or incorporated by reference, as amended from time to time consistent with the 
terms thereof. The Agreement is part of the Documentation.  
“Client” means Employer, the authorized representative employee of Employer, or other authorized agent, 
acting as a point of contact and administrator of Employer’s account,  
“Company” refers to Employer entity or entities, which will be in receipt of the Services identified in the 
Agreement and Documentation, on behalf of which Contacts or Agents as identified in the Documentation act.  
“Confidential Information” means non-public information regarding a Party’s business, including but not limited 
to sales and marketing plans and strategies, future product and service plans, price lists, financial and business 
information, trade secrets, customer lists, financial plans and data, balance sheet information, customer 
information, hardware, software, or product information, including any and all software of isolved, non -public 
isolved Product information, and the terms of the Agreement will be deemed Confidential Information; provided 
however, that the term Confidential Information will not include information which (a) constitutes Personal 
Information input or sub- mitted by Employer or any User in locations within the Service under Employer or  User 
control, including community locations and folders, (b) becomes generally available to the public in any manner 
or form through no fault of the Recipient or its employees, independent contractors, agents or representatives, 
(c) is independently known or developed by Recipient without benefit of the Confidential Information, (d) is 
rightfully received from another source on a non-confidential basis, (e) is released for disclosure with the 
Disclosing Party’s prior written consent and (f) deidentified or aggregated information. Confidential Information 
includes any SOC audit documentation provided pursuant to the Documentation.  
“Customer” or “customer” means the counterparty to an Agreement or Documentation with isolved. See also 
definition for Employer herein. 
“Direct Competitor” means a third party (other than an Affiliate of Employer) that is engaged in the business of 
providing human capital management services or solutions to employers, including but not limited to payroll, 
tax filing, COBRA or other benefit administration services. 
“Documentation” means all documentation capturing how the Parties intend for the Services to be provided. It 
includes the Agreement, the Order Form, authorizations, Implementation Guide/Kit, diligence documents, and 
schedules or addenda that contain terms, conditions, covenants, representations or manifestations of the 
understanding between the Parties for the provision of the Services.  
© 2026 isolved. All Rights Reserved.  
“Effective Date” means the date the Order Form is executed by Employer and isolved or, if stated, such other 
start date or effective date stated in the Order Form. 
“Employees” means employees, contractors, consultants or other individuals, end users or Users of Services as 
provided to Employer and related to this Agreement and the Documentation.  
“Employer” refers to the Customer subscribing to the Services and a Party to this Agreement, who will be in 
receipt of the Services identified in the Agreement and Documentation.  
“Equipment” refers to any hardware or device provided by isolved to Employer for use relative to the Services, 
including but not limited to, time clocks. 
“Fees” means, collectively, any Service Fees, Additional Fees, or any other fees due under the Agreement.  
“Information Security Incident” means confirmed unauthorized access to and acquisition of unencrypted or 
unredacted Personal Information provided by Employer in connection with the Services and while in the 
possession of isolved during the Term of this Agreement and as determined by applicable law. 
“isolved” means the isolved entity that executed the Agreement.  
“isolved Data Security Addendum” means the isolved Data Security Addendum available as an exhibit hereto 
where applicable. 
“Law” means any statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code, order, constitution, treaty, common law, 
judgment, decree, or other requirement of any federal, state, local, or foreign government or political 
subdivision thereof, or any arbitrator, court, or tribunal of competent jurisdiction. 
“Malicious Code” means viruses, worms, time bombs, Trojan horses and other harmful or malicious code, files, 
scripts, agents or programs. 
“Marks” means a Party’s names, trademarks, service marks, trade dresses, tradenames, brand names, designs, 
logos or corporate names, whether registered or unregistered, and all goodwill associated therewith.  
“Parties” means collectively Employer and isolved, and each is a “Party.”  
“Personal Information” means information that identifies a particular individual and the storage, use and 
protection of such information is defined by applicable law. “Personal Information” does not include encrypted, 
deidentified or aggregated information. 
“Service” or “Services” means the services and functionalities provided by isolved to its customers through the 
hosted, on-demand, cloud-based isolved® platform, as provided in the Documentation, and including any and 
all updates thereto from time to time. 
“Software” means any software program(s) through which the Service will be provided.  
“Statement of Work” means any Statement of Work between Employer and isolved, setting forth in detail the 
work, services, and deliverables to be provided by isolved in respect of any professional services work. Not all 
Agreements will include a Statement of Work. 
“Users” means Employer’s Employees, agents, contractors, consultants or other individuals who reasonably 
have a need to access the Service and are authorized by Employer (subject to approval by isolved) to use the 
Service on Employer’s behalf. 
“Version” isolved updates the forms of documentation from time to time. “Version” refers to the edition or 
specific expression of a document among the Documentation that is applicable to a specific Agreement.  
Exhibit B 
Eligibility Requirements 
Eligibility Requirements as described in the Terms and Conditions and mentioned elsewhere in the Agreement 
or Documentation refers to actual and discretionary criteria that renders the provision of Services to Employer 
possible, ethical and commercially reasonable. 
Services are available only for as long as Employer and Users meets the isolved Eligibility Requirements. Those 
Eligibility Requirements include, but are not limited to: 
1. Employer is not seeking Services outside the United States. 
© 2026 isolved. All Rights Reserved.  
2. Users are not outside the United States. 
3. Neither Employer nor or its affiliates are engaged, directly or indirectly, in a business, enterprise or other  
acts or omissions that would limit banking or other regulated service part of or ancillary to the isolved  
Services described in the Agreement. Such businesses or enterprises may include, but are not limited to, 
cannabis related businesses (also known as “CRB”) or certain gambling.  
4. Neither Employer nor its affiliates are engaged in a business, enterprise or other acts or omissions that 
might jeopardize relationships isolved has with third parties. Such activities could include, but are not 
limited to, criminal enterprises, which could result in loss of business to isolved, irreparable reputational 
harm to isolved or loss of critical vendor relationships. 
Should the nature or any specific aspect of these Eligibility Requirements materially change, isolved will 
inform Employer as soon as practicable. For the avoidance of doubt, Eligibility Requirements may be updated 
without prior notice to Employer. 
Exhibit C 
isolved Data Security Addendum 
This isolved Data Security Addendum governs isolved data privacy and security obligations in connection with 
any Personal Information of Employer that may be in isolved custody or under isolved control during 
performance of the Service. 
1. Information Security Measures 
1 . 1 . Compliance with Laws. isolved will use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with applicable 
data privacy and data security laws. 
1 . 2 . Security Standards. isolved has and will maintain commercially reasonable technical and 
organizational measures designed to 
a. provide for the security of Employer’s Personal Information in isolved’s custody or under the 
control of isolved and (b) ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, and availability of 
processing systems and the Service. Such measures include procedures  to protect the 
confidentiality and security of Personal Information in isolved’s custody and to detect and 
respond to Information Security Incidents. isolved may undertake such measures as 
reasonably appropriate: implement access controls to Personal Information systems, 
including controls to identify and permit access only to authorized individuals and controls 
designed to prevent access to Personal Information through fraudulent means; (ii) implement 
employee training programs and background checks; (iii) implement encryption of Personal 
Information when reasonably necessary and (iv) implement commercially reasonable disaster 
recovery and business continuity process and procedures. 
1 . 3 . Disclosure. isolved will limit access to Personal Information to persons who, in the reasonable 
discretion of isolved, have a need to know the Personal Information in connection with performance 
by isolved of the Service. Nothing in this isolved Data Security Addendum shall limit the ability of 
isolved to make disclosures reasonably required or helpful for (i) compliance by isolved with 
applicable Law; (ii) establishing or maintaining a legal claim or defense; (iii) responding to a 
government or other regulatory inquiry; (iv) obtaining or establishing an insurance policy or claim; or 
(v) as otherwise necessary to comply with this isolved Data Security Ad dendum. 
1 . 4 . Subcontractor Compliance. Prior to providing access to Personal Information to any third -party 
service provider, isolved will: (i) conduct a reasonable investigation of such third party to ensure 
that the third party is capable of complying with requirements regarding the privacy, confidentiality 
and security of Personal Information that are at least as protective of Personal Information as the 
requirements imposed on isolved under this isolved Data Security Addendum and (ii) contractually 
impose upon such a third party the same or substantially similar contractual duties imposed on 
isolved by this isolved Data Security Addendum. 
2. Information Security Incident Response 
2 . 1 . Notice of Unauthorized Access to Personal Information. isolved will notify Employer of any 
Information Security Incident as soon as reasonably practical after isolved confirms the Information 
Security Incident, and as required by applicable law. 
© 2026 isolved. All Rights Reserved.  
2 . 2 . Incident Response Mitigation. In the event of an Information Security Incident, isolved will (i) 
conduct a reasonable investigation of the Information Security Incident; (ii) to the extent that the 
Information Security Incident was solely caused by isolved, use commercially reasonable efforts 
and take actions to rectify, prevent, contain, mitigate, and remediate the Information Security 
Incident; and (iii) take any and all steps reasonably necessary to comply with applicable privacy 
laws and regulations. 
Exhibit D 
Time and Attendance Applications Addendum 
1. This addendum to the Agreement (“Time Addendum”) is applicable to isolved Time and Attendance 
applications named in the Order Form. 
2. NOTICE: EMPLOYERS USING ISOLVED TIME AND ATTENDANCE EQUIPMENT MAY WISH TO CONSULT WITH 
LEGAL COUNSEL TO DETERMINE WHAT OBLIGATIONS THEY MAY HAVE TO EMPLOYEES USING SUCH 
DEVICES. ALTHOUGH ISOLVED FERVENTLY BELIEVES THAT ITS TIME AND ATTENDANCE EQUIPMENT DOES 
NOT USE, COLLECT OR STORE BIOMETRIC DATA, EMPLOYER MAY WISH, OUT OF AN ABUNDANCE OF 
CAUTION, TO TAKE PREVENTATIVE MEASURES TO COMPLY WITH APPLICABLE LAW.  
3. SPECIAL TERMS OF USE. 
3 . 1 . EMPLOYER AGREES TO OBTAIN INFORMED CONSENT FROM AND TO MAKE ANY AND ALL 
DISCLOSURES AND OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER AS REQUIRED BY LAW TO ALL USERS OF THE TIME 
AND ATTENDANCE EQUIPMENT. 
3 . 2 . EMPLOYER UNDERSTANDS THAT SUCH INFORMED CONSENT, DISCLOSURES AND COMPLETE 
COMPLIANCE BY EMPLOYER WITH APPLICABLE LAW IS A CONDITION FOR USING TIME AND 
ATTENDANCE EQUIPMENT. 
3 . 3 . EMPLOYER IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR INDEPENDENTLY DEVELOPING AND IMPLEMENTING ANY 
AND ALL BIOMETRIC DATA AND INFORMATION CAPTURE, USE, RETENTION OR DESTRUCTION 
POLICIES AND PROCEDURES THAT MAY BE REQUIRED BY LAW.  
3 . 4 . EMPLOYER AGREES TO DISCLOSE TO AND INFORM ALL USERS OF THE TIME AND ATTENDANCE 
EQUIPMENT THAT IF FOR ANY REASON ISOLVED WERE TO RECEIVE BIOMETRIC INFORMATION, IT 
WOULD DELETE IT IMMEDIATELY. ISOLVED COMPLIES WITH APPLICABLE RETENTION AND 
DESTRUCTION REQUIREMENTS AS DEFINED BY LAW. NEITHER ISOLVED NOR THE TIME AND ATTEN -
DANCE EQUIPMENT COLLECT, CAPTURE, POSSESS, PURCHASE, RECEIVE, OBTAIN, USE OR STORE 
ANY BIOMETRIC INFORMATION OR DATA DEFINED BY LAW. FURTHERMORE, ISOLVED DOES NOT SELL, 
LEASE, TRADE OR OTHERWISE PROFIT FROM ANY INFORMATION, BIOMETRIC OR NOT, IT MAY 
RECEIVE FROM EMPLOYERS. 
4. Access Rights to Time and Attendance Applications. 
4 . 1 . Employer will have internet access to the Time and Attendance application(s) indicated in the Order 
Form into which the Agreement is incorporated by reference. 
4 . 2 . Employer will have access to the Time and Attendance Service, the website at which it is available 
(the “Website”), the software on the Website (“Software”) and related materials made available as 
part of the Time and Attendance Service by isolved. isolved grants Employer a non-exclusive, non-
transferable license, during the Term of the Agreement, to use the Time and Attendance Service for 
Employer’s own internal business purposes. Employer acknowledges and agrees that the Time and 
Attendance Service, Website, Software and materials that are made available as part of the Time 
and Attendance Service may be updated and changed from time to time, in the sole discretion of 
isolved. Employer’s continued use of the Time and Attendance Service after isolved posts a ny 
changes will constitute Employer’s acceptance of such changes.  
4 . 3 . EMPLOYER MAY NOT LEASE OR DISTRIBUTE THE SOFTWARE, ANY COPY, OR ANY RELATED WRITTEN 
MATERIALS IN WHOLE OR IN PART. EMPLOYER MAY NOT USE THE SOFTWARE TO CONDUCT ANY 
SERVICE FOR THIRD PARTIES (I.E., TO PROCESS THIRD PARTY INFORMATION THROUGH THE 
SOFTWARE) UNLESS SEPARATELY LICENSED TO DO SO BY ISOLVED IN WRITING. ANY USE OF THE 
SOFTWARE OR TIME AND ATTENDANCE EQUIPMENT, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PERMITTED IN THIS 
AGREEMENT, MAY SUBJECT EMPLOYER TO CIVIL DAMAGES AND ATTORNEY’S FEES AND IS A 
CRIMINAL OFFENSE. 
© 2026 isolved. All Rights Reserved.  
5. Biometric Information. 
5 . 1 . Some models of isolved time clocks use a touchpad feature which allows punching with the scan of 
a finger. In connection with these clocks, isolved does not collect, store, or share any biometric 
information. 
6. Subscription Service Plan. 
6 . 1 . If Employer is subscribing to Time and Attendance Service, a Service Plan is included in the 
subscription Fee. If Employer is renting Time and Attendance Equipment a Service Plan is included in 
Employer’s rental Fee. If Employer is purchasing Time and Attendance Equipment a Service Plan is 
not included in the purchase price of Employer’s Time and Attendance Equipment; however, 
Employer may purchase a Service Plan for which Employer will be billed separately from the 
purchase price of the Time and Attendance Equipment. If Employer has a Service Plan, Employer’s 
rights and isolved obligations under the Service Plan shall be governed by this Section. 
6 . 2 . Technical Support. Employer will have access to isolved online support center at https://www.my -
timeforce.com/support, which contains a document library, videos, downloads and updates, and 
answers to frequently asked questions. Employer will have unlimited technical support Monday 
through Friday 6:00 am to 6:00 pm (Mountain Time) by telephone (toll free (800) 697 -7010) and 
email (tech@isolvedhcm.com). Employer will have unlimited technical support by chat Monday 
through Friday 7:30 am to 3:00 pm (Mountain Time). 
6 . 3 . Software Updates. Employer will receive all standard updates to the Software.  
6 . 4 . Time and Attendance Equipment Repair Services. If a unit of Time and Attendance Equipment 
becomes inoperable, isolved will repair or replace the unit as provided by this Section; provided, 
however, that isolved agrees to perform only those repairs involvin g worn or failing Time and 
Attendance Equipment components that have failed during ordinary use of the Time and  
6 . 5 . Attendance Equipment under normal operating conditions. isolved will first attempt to repair the 
unit by remote troubleshooting with the assistance of Employer’s personnel, whether by phone, 
email, or live chat. If a repair cannot be made remotely, Employer must ship the unit, at Employer’s 
sole expense, to isolved. isolved will attempt to repair the unit. If the unit cannot be repaired, isolved 
will replace the unit with a refurbished or new unit, at the sole discretion of isolved. The obligations 
of isolved under this section do not cover Excluded Repairs. “Excluded Repairs” includes repair or 
damage caused by accident, disaster (which includes but is not limited to fire, flood, water, wind, 
earth movement, and/or lightning), neglect, power transients, abuse or misuse, the failure of 
Employer or anyone using the Time and Attendance Equipment to follow manufacturer’s published 
operating instructions, or unauthorized modifications or repair of Time and Attendance Equipment 
by persons other than authorized representatives of isolved. Nor will isolved obligations under this 
section include electrical work external to the Time and Attendance Equipment or maintenance of 
accessories, attachments, or other devices not furnished by isolved.  
7. Purchased Time and Attendance Equipment. This section applies if Employer is purchasing Time and At -
tendance Equipment through the Agreement. 
7 . 1 . Transportation Charges, Title and Risk of Loss. Unless otherwise specifically accepted by isolved in 
writing: (a) all transportation charges shall be paid by Employer; (b) insurance charges and other 
applicable charges shall be borne by Employer; (c) title shall pass upon receipt of payment in full by 
isolved; and (d) risk of loss shall pass to Employer upon delivery by isolved to a carrier at the 
shipping point. isolved does not ordinarily, but may, if requested in writing by Employer and at 
Employer’s sole expense, place insurance on a shipment as nearly as possible in accordance with 
Employer’s written instructions, but in each such case isolved acts only as agent for Employer, and 
isolved assumes no liability whatsoever as a result of making such insuran ce arrangements. 
7 . 2 . Taxes. Unless otherwise indicated in the Agreement, all prices and charges are exclusive of excise, 
sales, use, property, or like taxes. If any such taxes must be paid by isolved or if isolved is liable for 
the collection of such tax, the amount thereof shall be in addition to the amounts for the items sold. 
Employer agrees to promptly pay all such taxes or to reimburse isolved for them upon receipt of 
isolved’s invoice. If Employer claims exemption from any sales, use or other tax, Employer shall  
timely provide to isolved an exemption certificate or other valid proof of exemption and shall 
indemnify and hold harmless isolved from and against any such tax, together with any interest or 
penalties thereon which may be assessed if the Time and Attendan ce Equipment is held to be 
taxable. 
© 2026 isolved. All Rights Reserved.  
7 . 3 . Maintenance and Disclaimer of Warranties. isolved is selling the Time and Attendance Equipment to 
Employer “AS-IS” AND isolved MAKES NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR  
PURPOSE. The purchase price of the Time and Attendance Equipment includes set -up and 
configuration assistance for a period of thirty (30) days after Employer’s purchase of the Time and 
Attendance Equipment. Unless Employer purchases a Service Plan,  
Employer is required at Employer’s cost to keep the Time and Attendance Equipment in good 
working condition and to pay for all supplies and repairs. If Employer purchases a Service Plan, 
isolved will provide Employer with the maintenance and service included in the Service Plan as 
described above. If Employer purchases a maintenance or service plan from a third-party provider, 
Employ- er agrees that isolved is not responsible to provide the maintenance or service and 
Employer will make all claims related to maintenance and service to the third party. Employer agrees 
that any claims related to maintenance or service will not affect Employer’s obligation to pay all Fees 
when due. 
7 . 4 . Returns. ALL SALES OF TIME AND ATTENDANCE EQUIPMENT ARE FINAL. No Time and Attendance  
Equipment will be accepted for return without prior written approval of an executive level employee 
of isolved, which approval shall be in the sole discretion of isolved. All properly approved returns are 
subject to a restocking charge. isolved reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to refuse the return 
of any Time and Attendance Equipment for credit. If approval is granted, Employer agrees to pay a 
twenty five percent (25%) restocking charge on all Time and Attendance Equipment re - turned; 
provided such returned items are in the original package or crate when received. Authorized returns 
must be shipped prepaid to the isolved address provided upon receipt of authorization and must be 
insured at the expense of the Employer. isolved shall not be responsi ble for Time and Attendance 
Equipment damaged or lost in-transit during any return. 
7 . 5 . Resale of Time and Attendance Equipment. Employer agrees to provide isolved with a right of first 
refusal to re-purchase their Time and Attendance Equipment at a commercially reasonable price, to 
be determined completely and solely by isolved, upon the Employer’s decision to sell or dispose of 
any Time and Attendance Equipment purchased from isolved. If isolved chooses to not exercise the 
purchase right, Employer agrees to delete any and all data stored on the Time and Attendance 
Equipment before dispossessing itself of or disposing of the Time and Attendance Equipment. 
Employer, and not isolved, will be exclusively responsible for any and all loss or liability associated 
directly or indirectly with any claim, lawsuit, penalties or fines related to any Time and Attendance 
Equipment not in possession of isolved. 
7 . 6 . Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by isolved.  
Exhibit E 
California Privacy Addendum 
This California Privacy Addendum (“Addendum”) is made pursuant to the terms of the California Privacy Rights 
Act of 2020 (“CPRA”). The following terms apply to the Agreement into which this Addendum is incorporated, as 
related to the data and information of California residents (“California Consumers”): 
1. isolved does not sell personal information of California Consumers.  
2. isolved will only share or disclose the personal information of California Consumers for the limited and 
specific purposes of providing the Services (as defined in the Agreement), except as required by law.  
3. isolved will is obligated to comply with the CPRA of and will require from its service providers involved in 
the provision of the Services the same level of privacy protection as required by the CPRA.  
4. Employer (as defined in the Agreement) may take reasonable and appropriate steps to help ensure that 
isolved uses the personal information of California Consumers in a manner consistent with the 
Employer’s obligations under the CPRA. 
5. isolved must notify the Employer if isolved determines that it can no longer meet the obligations 
contained in Addendum and any other applicable requirements under the CPRA.  
6. isolved grants the Employer the right to take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate 
unauthorized use of the personal information of California Consumers.  
© 2026 isolved. All Rights Reserved.  
The isolved Privacy Policy can be found at the following link: https://www.isolvedhcm.com/legal/privacy -policy. 
CPRA resources may be found at the following link: https: /oag.ca.gov/privacy/consumer -privacy-resources. 
Exhibit F 
Data Integration Acknowledgement 
The Parties agree to and acknowledge the following: 
1. isolved will establish various methods for transferring Employer’s data to and from isolved as may be 
reasonably required by isolved to perform the Services in connection with the Agreement. Employer shall 
use the method(s) established by isolved, which may include the use of third-party systems (the “Third-
Party Systems”) to integrate with, or otherwise transfer such data to or from the isolved Platform. 
Employer shall furnish such data in a timely manner as reasonably required by isolved to satisfy its 
obligations under the Agreement. isolved shall have no liability for issues that may arise as a result of 
Employer failing to timely provide isolved with required or inaccurate information. The data to be 
transferred to and from isolved using the Third-Party Systems includes, but is not limited to, metrics, 
aggregations, metadata, employee information, pay information, employee benefit information, or other 
sensitive information which can be highly confidential. This data may be shared as necessary with 
relevant requested third parties to facilitate your Services through the Platform.  
2. isolved makes no warranties, guarantees, or representations regarding any third -party’s use, retention, 
or security of the shared data. isolved assumes no responsibility and is not liable for any erroneous data a 
third-party may send to the isolved database on Employer’s behalf, whether such errors were caused by 
Employer or the third party or the continuing compatibility and stability of any integration or interface 
with Third-Party Systems. 
3. Employer represents and warrants that any information it provides to isolved using a Third -Party System 
has been reviewed by Employer and is accurate. 
4. isolved shall have no responsibility or obligation to review any such information provided by Employer 
using a Third-Party System, and isolved shall have no liability for any such inaccuracies or other issues 
that may arise as a result of Employer’s use of such Third-Party System. isolved shall accept all data from 
Employer as-is and will assume that it is correct, complete, and accurate unless Employer promptly 
notifies isolved of any such inaccuracies. 
5. Employer agrees and acknowledges that it is responsible for ensuring that all data has been successfully 
transferred to isolved, and that it must promptly notify isolved if such transfer of data failed or was 
incomplete or inaccurate. 
6. Employer agrees and acknowledges that it assumes all responsibility and liability for its use of any Third -
Party System to share data with isolved. 
7. Employer acknowledges that it has or will obtain any required agreements with such third parties as 
necessary to use such Third- Party Systems to share data with isolved. 
